‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎ ‎Experiencing loss is
‎a part of life. But good things come, too.
‎ ‎Expect the unexpected,
‎and embrace it.
‎Use it well, my queen!
‎Sting them!
‎Sting them all! Make them mine!
‎ ‎Each first time
‎is an adventure.
‎ ‎And who knows how far
‎these adventures will lead you.
‎ ‎You find people to whom
‎you entrust your heart
‎as much as they entrust theirs to you.
‎ ‎That trust
‎is sometimes broken,
‎but it can always be restored.
‎ ‎Yes, sometimes the road
‎can be winding.
‎You might even get lost along the way.
‎But with help from the right people,
‎you'll always find your destination.
‎Sorry, I... I don't know why I did that.
‎-Are you OK?
‎-Yes.
‎Thank you, Luka.
‎Oh, uh, by the way, did you find
‎that perfect tune you were looking for?
‎I think I did, yeah. But are you sure
‎you really want to hear it?
‎You're still thinking of Adrien,
‎aren't you?
‎-Huh! Marinette!
‎Luka? Oh, no! Not those again!
‎Tikki, we have to take shelter!
‎Power up!
‎Aquatikki, spots on! Yeah!
‎I should have known that Hawk Moth
‎had a bigger plan all along.
‎The battle's not over!
‎No! I mean... I mean, yes!
‎I mean, it's the first time
‎that I thought it would be different.
‎So you're not happy.
‎Yes, I am. It's just that...
‎I think I wasn't really ready.
‎So, when will you be ready?
‎Your indecision is hurtful, Adrien.
‎-Huh!
‎-What?
‎No!
‎-Kagami!
‎ Plagg! Lunchtime!
‎Aquaplagg, claws out!
‎People of Paris,
‎listen to Miracle Queen's first order.
‎From now on, no one
‎will have to keep his identity a secret.
‎All the Miraculous wearers, come to me!
‎Yes... Yes! No more hiding!
‎Nerdy Max? The fake reporter? DJ Headache?
‎What has possessed Ladybug
‎to choose such losers as her superheroes?
‎Oh, simple little Kim too!
‎For a moment there, I thought you only had
‎to wear glasses to get a Miraculous.
‎Don't know this one. He's cute.
‎But he gets his clothes from a dumpster!
‎Oh, no! Not this one!
‎Oh, my! Such ridiculous choices!
‎Utterly ridiculous! Anyway,
‎grab your Miraculous!
‎Huh? Why don't they take any?
‎Surely because the Miraculous of the Moron
‎and the Pompous Brat do not exist!
‎Or maybe someone else
‎is already wearing them.
‎Come on, hurry up and transform, my pawns!
‎Trixx! Let's pounce!
‎Kalkki! Full gallop!
‎Sass! Scales slither!
‎Xuppu! Showtime!
‎You were once Ladybug
‎and Cat Noir's minions,
‎but from now on,
‎you will be Miracle Queen's Royal Guard!
‎ Huh!
‎Ladybug, Cat Noir, I'm gonna use
‎your own weapons to defeat you.
‎You'll so regret not choosing me!
‎Mayura!
‎Now it's time
‎to deal with the old guardian.
‎-Mayura!
‎-I'm all right.
‎Of all the plans I've concocted,
‎I never wanted this.
‎Forgive me for needing you again
‎one last time.
‎Don't blame yourself.
‎From the very first day,
‎I knew that I'd do anything for you.
‎ Little amok...
‎ Give body
‎to Hawk Moth's sentimonster again!
‎Sentimonster, I am Mayura!
‎You will now obey Hawk Moth!
‎Destroy the shield!
‎-Ladybug!
‎-Cat Noir!
‎There's something wrong.
‎What did Fu say to you
‎when you gave him back
‎the Dragon Miraculous?
‎-I wasn't able to give it back.
‎-What?
‎Master Fu has disappeared!
‎I'm worried something happened to him!
‎Huh?
‎Huh! You're right!
‎They found Master Fu and the Miracle Box!
‎It's a catastrophe!
‎And I just happen to be
‎an expert in cat things!
‎It's... It's my fault.
‎I didn't transform back
‎before I went to find him.
‎-What?
‎-I was... confused.
‎I'm sorry. I'm such a failure.
‎Hey! The important thing
‎is to save Master Fu
‎before the sentimonster
‎destroys his shield.
‎And we'll need a focused Ladybug for that.
‎Forget what happened, OK?
‎Thanks, Cat! You're always here for me!
‎Always, little bug!
‎OK.
‎We have to free our friends
‎from Miracle Queen.
‎Then we can defeat Mayura,
‎Hawk Moth and his sentimonster.
‎But first, we gotta neutralize those wasps
‎so we can get out of the water.
‎If we get stung, it's all over.
‎Sounds easy when ‎you‎ say it!
‎Yes! We're gonna make it easier!
‎No! It's too dangerous!
‎Too many powers at the same time!
‎We don't have a choice.
‎Huh! I'm ready to fight, Ladybug!
‎-Claws in!
‎-Spots off!
‎Tikki, Longg, unify!
‎Water Dragon!
‎ Ladybug!
‎It'll be "Dragonbug" to you, Chloé!
‎A few extra powers
‎aren't going to save you, you know!
‎-In a few moments,
‎when the old guardian
‎is too weak and his shield is broken,
‎I'll force him to tell me
‎your secret identities,
‎and it will all be thanks to Ladybug.
‎She led you all to your own doom!
‎He's trying to divide you!
‎Don't listen to him!
‎I chose you both for a reason!
‎Stay united!
‎-It's us against the world!
‎-As always!
‎Ladybug and I never fight each other!
‎We fight together!
‎Welcome to your doomsday, Hawk Moth!
‎You fools!
‎It's time to take action, my queen!
‎En garde, my guards!
‎Uproar!
‎Huh.
‎Voyage!
‎Second chance!
‎Viperion is by far the most dangerous.
‎You focus on him! Be careful, Cat.
‎Got it! Cataclysm!
‎- Second chance.
‎-Got it! Cataclysm!
‎Got it! Cataclysm!
‎Looks like you forgot
‎-about me! But I didn't!
‎Useless! That snake is utterly useless!
‎-Cat Noir! It's your turn.
‎Ah!
‎Sass, Plagg, Unify!
‎ Second chance!
‎Stop him!
‎Dragonbug! It's an illusion!
‎No!
‎Ladybug!
‎ Dragonbug! They're illusions!
‎-Dragonbug! Opening! There!
‎Huh.
‎Pathetic!
‎Is that honestly how you think you--
‎- No!
‎Longg, Tikki, divide!
‎Sass, Plagg, divide!
‎ No more evildoing for you,
‎little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilize!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Told you!
‎Welcome to your doomsday, Hawk Moth!
‎Ah!
‎Ah, ah, ah!
‎Hawk Moth is our enemy, Chloé.
‎He can't get hold of the Miracle Box!
‎I'm not on your side anymore!
‎How many times have I asked
‎to fight alongside you?
‎And how many times have you refused
‎to give me back‎ my‎ Miraculous?
‎How many, huh?
‎Hawk Moth isn't my enemy, he's yours!
‎And the Miracle Box is mine!
‎-Chloé! No! Don't do that!
‎-Oh, yes I will!
‎I am going to be the most powerful
‎Miraculous wearer there ever was!
‎I don't even need to do anything!
‎I knew you were one of us,
‎Chloé Bourgeois!
‎Well, what are you waiting for?
‎Transform me!
‎-She doesn't even know our names!
‎-And you didn't give the right commands!
‎Or say "please", for that matter!
‎I am your queen,
‎the queen of the Miraculous!
‎I command you to tell me how to proceed!
‎There's nothing you can do anyway!
‎I already won!
‎ It's moments
‎before that shield caves in.
‎Then the Guardian will be at my mercy!
‎Your friends are about to transform back!
‎You're on your own. Checkmate, Ladybug!
‎I still have one move left, Hawk Moth!
‎Lucky Charm!
‎A keyring?
‎What am I supposed to do with this?
‎-Um...
‎Nothing! There's nothing you can do!
‎My plan was perfect! You can't beat me!
‎-I can't figure it out!
‎-Focus! You can do it!
‎I'm sorry! I'm so useless!
‎If I hadn't forgotten to de-transform
‎myself to go see Master Fu...
‎Ladybug, no!
‎...Hawk Moth
‎wouldn't have taken him hostage.
‎He wouldn't have taken the Miracle Box.
‎I'm the worst Ladybug
‎that has ever existed!
‎Ladybug, you are the best
‎Miraculous holder I've ever met.
‎You made mistakes, but who hasn't?
‎What matters is to fix them.
‎And you always, always miraculously knew
‎how to fix everything, right?
‎But what should I do, Master?
‎You hold all the keys, Ladybug.
‎You always have.
‎And you will be
‎the most magnificent of Guardians.
‎-What?
‎-Master!
‎-No!
‎-Don't do it!
‎I, Wang Fu,
‎hereby relinquish the Miracle Box
‎and name Ladybug the new Guardian!
‎No!
‎Master!
‎No! It's‎ my‎ Miracle Box, ‎mine‎!
‎I'm the Guardian! I'm the Queen!
‎Hawk Moth,
‎tell him to give me my box back!
‎How disappointing.
‎I'll take care of them!
‎You take care of the box!
‎Sorry, but I think this belongs to me now!
‎I don't need all those stupid Miraculous
‎anyway!
‎I only need the Queen Bee!
‎Besides, you're lame, and Paris is lame!
‎I'm going to go to New York with Mummy.
‎And I'll be
‎the one and only Queen Bee there,
‎and I'll save the world all by myself,
‎without you and your ridiculous,
‎poorly chosen friends!
‎Utterly poorly chosen!
‎I'm sorry, Chloé,
‎but I can't let you do that.
‎Well, if that's the way it is,
‎I'm no longer your fan, Ladybug!
‎I don't love you anymore!
‎And I'm still going
‎to leave with Mummy anyway,
‎because you don't deserve
‎to breathe the same air I do!
‎Sorry, couldn't catch up with them.
‎Master!
‎-Master! Wake up!
‎Oh, my Nathalie. There are
‎no words to express how sorry I am.
‎I've failed yet again,
‎and you have used up
‎every last bit of strength for nothing.
‎No. Not for nothing.
‎ There's a ‎deciphered ‎version
‎of the grimoire
‎stored on the Guardian's tablet!
‎Now we can fix the Peacock Miraculous!
‎Master!
‎-Master?
‎Oh! Master Fu!
‎Oh! Such pretty costumes!
‎Who are you?
‎Has he... lost his memory?
‎It's the rule of the Guardians.
‎Their memory gets erased
‎when they pass on the box,
‎to protect the secret identities
‎of the Miraculous holders.
‎It's all good. We're friends, sir!
‎Well, nice to meet you!
‎Goodbye, Master.
‎Wait! You haven't repaired everything yet!
‎There's still hope!
‎Oh! Of course!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Master! Do you remember me?
‎I'm sorry to disappoint you, young lady,
‎but this is the first time
‎I've ever set eyes on you.
‎Yes, of course.
‎What happened to him has nothing to do
‎with the damages caused by Chloé.
‎So my magical ladybugs
‎couldn't do anything.
‎It's a shame
‎you threw such a pretty keyring away!
‎I could have used it for my key.
‎-They were matching, too.
‎Mum! I hope Jean-Patrick
‎has finished packing our suitcases!
‎We're leaving right now!
‎Chloé! Your mother has decided to stay,
‎after all.
‎Yes. We've undoubtedly made
‎our share of mistakes along the way,
‎but then who hasn't?
‎What matters is to fix them, right?
‎Oh! My queen!
‎-Ew!
‎This is despicable! Utterly despicable!
‎I order you both to fight again!
‎ ‎"As we grow old,
‎we realize life doesn't always give us
‎all the gifts we hoped it would.
‎I would have loved to tell you
‎all this in person, Marinette,
‎but if you're reading this,
‎it means I've already lost my memory.
‎But you mustn't be scared.
‎And you mustn't be sad.
‎As I was telling you at the beginning
‎of this letter, experiencing loss
‎is a part of life,
‎but it doesn't define it.
‎Because what really matters
‎isn't whether you win or lose.
‎It's the ability to..."
‎ ‎...accept changes
‎in ourselves.
‎It's accepting that even if life
‎doesn't always give us the gifts
‎we were hoping for,
‎the real gift is life itself.
‎It's incredible.
‎I've only just met you and yet my heart
‎is beating as if I've known you forever.
‎You should always trust your heart.
‎Take this, sir, for the journey.
‎ Mmm-hmm.
‎Thank you, young lady.
‎I will never forget you.
‎ ‎Even if life doesn't always
‎give us the gifts we were hoping for,
‎the real gift is life itself.
‎You OK?
‎So, how about that tune?
‎Will you let me hear it?
‎Are you sure you really want to hear it?
‎It's perfect.
‎As good as new!